v0.1.1 - Force install from artifact by setting version of package (#2)
lauramurgatroyd/build-sphinx-action: CHANGELOG.md

v0.1.1

> * Force installation of package from artifact by retrieving version string

Author: ```suggestion
* Force install from artifact by setting version of package (by retrieving version string from tar.bz2 file)
* Add print statements to show files being copied, conda channel being created, and version being retrieved
* Install conda-build from conda-forge

```
